android-icon-144x144.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
android-icon-192x192.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
android-icon-36x36.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
android-icon-48x48.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
android-icon-72x72.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
android-icon-96x96.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-114x114.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-120x120.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-144x144.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-152x152.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-180x180.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-57x57.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-60x60.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-72x72.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-76x76.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon-precomposed.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
apple-icon.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
browserconfig.xml	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
favicon-16x16.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
favicon-32x32.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
favicon-96x96.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
favicon.ico	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
manifest.json	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
ms-icon-144x144.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
ms-icon-150x150.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
ms-icon-310x310.png	convert entire project to jade with grunt compiler, change some content	2 years ago
ms-icon-70x70.png